[Example] update ogbn-arxiv and ogbn-proteins results (#3018)
dmlc/dgl: examples/pytorch/ogb/ogbn-arxiv/README.md

# DGL examples for ogbn-arxiv

> DGL implementation of GCN and GAT for [ogbn-arxiv](https://ogb.stanford.edu/docs/nodeprop/). Using some of the techniques from *Bag of Tricks for Node Classification with Graph Neural Networks* ([https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13355](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13355)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DGL implementation of GCN and GAT for [ogbn-arxiv](https://ogb.stanford.edu/docs/nodeprop/). Some of the techniques are introduced in *Bag of Tricks for Node Classification with Graph Neural Networks* ([https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13355](https://arxiv.org/abs/2103.13355)). You are welcomed to cite it if it helps in your project.
```
